[V3] Add Dict methods concept files (#2347)
exercism/python: concepts/dict-methods/about.md

```python
>>> color_palette = {'Grassy Green': '#9bc400', 
                    'Purple Mountains Majesty': '#8076a3', 
                    'Misty Mountain Pink': '#f9c5bd', 
                    'Factory Stone Purple': '#7c677f', 
                    'Green Treeline': '#478559', 
                    'Purple baseline': '#161748'}
 
 
>>> sorted_palette = dict(sorted(color_palette.items()))
>>> sorted_palette
{'Factory Stone Purple': '#7c677f',
 'Grassy Green': '#9bc400',
 'Green Treeline': '#478559',
 'Misty Mountain Pink': '#f9c5bd',
 'Purple Mountains Majesty': '#8076a3',
 'Purple baseline': '#161748'}
 
>>> value_sorted_palette = dict(sorted(color_palette.items(), key=lambda color: color[1]))
>>> value_sorted_palette
{'Purple baseline': '#161748',
 'Green Treeline': '#478559',
 'Factory Stone Purple': '#7c677f',
 'Purple Mountains Majesty': '#8076a3',
 'Grassy Green': '#9bc400',
 'Misty Mountain Pink': '#f9c5bd'} 

```

> Swapping keys and values reliably in a dictionary takes a little more work, but can be efferently accomplished via a loop using `dict.items()`.  However, if values are not unique, extra checks are required.  Both methods assume that `dict` keys and values are _hashable_.

Author: ```suggestion
Swapping keys and values reliably in a dictionary takes a little more work, but can be accomplished via a loop using `dict.items()`.  But if the values stored in the `dict` are not unique, extra checks are required.  Both methods assume that `dict` keys and values are _hashable_.
```
